.. _cs-v2-20120501:

API |contract version| release, May 1, 2012
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What's new
----------

- Version 2.0 of the Rackspace Cloud Servers API uses Open Software Foundation (OSF)
  Universally Unique Identifiers (UUIDs) instead of integers for object IDs for images,
  servers, and so on. The version 1.0 used integer IDs. For example, an ID in version 1.0
  might be ``2``, while in the API v2, the ID might be ``52415800-8b69-11e0-9b19-734f6f006e54``.

-  Third-party clients can now access the server directly through a server access IP address.

-  The following Rackspace extensions have been added.

   - Bandwidth stats extension, which shows bandwidth usage statistics for a given audit
     period

   - Disk configuration extension, which enables control of how the disk is partitioned
     when a server is created, rebuilt, or resized

   - Rescue mode extension, which creates a new server with the file system for the
     specified version of Cloud Servers mounted to fix file system and configuration errors

   - Used limits extension, which returns the amount of absolute limit capacity that is
     currently used

   - Volume attachment extension, which, in conjunction with Cloud Block Storage API
     operations, enables you to attach a volume to a server instance, list volume
     attachments for a server instance, get volume details for a volume attachment, and
     delete a volume attachment

- Image metadata and metadata management operations have been added.

- IPv6 support has been added. When you create a server, an IPv4 address and an IPv6
  address block are assigned. The IPv4 address and IPv6 address block are used for the
  public interface (Internet). The IPv4 address is also used for the private interface.

- Authentication now occurs through the Identity service, which
  integrates with the Rackspace infrastructure and is a modification of the OpenStack
  Keystone authentication specification.

- The Rackspace Next Generation Cloud Servers API v2.0 is based on the OpenStack Compute
  API v2, which differs significantly from the Rackspace First Generation Cloud Servers
  API v1.0.

- The defaults for rate limits have changed. You can request Rackspace to either raise or
  lower the limits as needed.

Resolved issues
---------------

|no changes|

Known issues
------------

-  Red Hat images cannot be registered. Red Hat Network (RHN) registration is required for
   Red Hat.

-  The following version 1 API operations are not yet available in the |contract version|
   API:

   - Shared IP addresses

   - Backup schedules

   - Resize server down (not supported for Windows Cloud Servers)

   - Add an IP address to a cloud server
