.. _cs-v2-20120815:

API |contract version| updates, August 15, 2012
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What's new
----------

- A new authentication endpoint has been added.

   To authenticate, you issue a request to the Identity
   Service, which is an implementation of the OpenStack Keystone
   Identity service v2.0. Customers with UK-based accounts can now issue
   a **POST** **/tokens** request to the Identity
   service at the https://lon.identity.api.rackspacecloud.com/v2.0
   endpoint to authenticate access to either the first generation Cloud
   Servers or next generation Cloud Servers services.

   In response to valid credentials, an authentication request to the
   Identity service v2 returns an authentication token
   and a service catalog.

-  Both first generation and next generation Cloud Servers services
   now appear in the service catalog.

   In the service catalog, the Cloud Servers services are named as
   follows:

   +------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
   | Cloud Servers    | Service name in the catalog                           |
   | generation       |                                                       |
   +==================+=======================================================+
   | First generation | ``cloudServers``                                      |
   |                  |                                                       |
   |                  | If you use the authentication token to access this    |
   |                  | service, you can view and perform first generation    |
   |                  | Cloud Servers API operations against your first       |
   |                  | generation servers.                                   |
   +------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
   | Next generation  | ``cloudServersOpenStack``                             |
   |                  |                                                       |
   |                  | If you use the authentication token to access this    |
   |                  | service, you can view and perform next generation     |
   |                  | Cloud Servers API operations against your next        |
   |                  | generation servers.                                   |
   |                  |                                                       |
   |                  | Next generation servers might show multiple           |
   |                  | endpoints to enable regional choice. Select the       |
   |                  | appropriate endpoint for the region that you want to  |
   |                  | interact with by examining the ``region`` field.      |
   +------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+

   For detailed information about authentication through the Identity service
   v2.0, see the
   :rax-devdocs:`Identity Client Developer Guide <cloud-identity/v2/getting-started/>`.

Resolved issues
---------------

|no changes|

Known issues
------------

|no changes|
