API |contract version| updates, June 13, 2012
------------------------------------------------

What's new
~~~~~~~~~~

-  Removal of the 256MB flavor. The 256 MB flavor has been removed
   from the next generation Cloud Servers. While these small instances
   were appropriate in certain cases, they often caused performance
   problems for applications and placed undue stress on underlying host
   machines. This change reduces the number of application performance
   issues and improves the overall Cloud Servers experience.

-  vCPU allocations for flavors. Historically, Rackspace offered a
   vCPU allocation scheme that differed between Linux and Windows
   instances for the same flavor.  Linux had the potential to use more
   CPU and was optimized for burst at the expense of performance
   consistency, while Windows was optimized for CPU consistency trading
   off burst potential.

   The next generation Cloud Servers now implements a single vCPU
   allocation scheme across all operating systems that favors consistent
   CPU performance while retaining some burst potential. The number of
   vCPUs is reduced for some flavors and increased for others to
   simplify Cloud Servers while balancing predictability and value. 

-  Improved instance performance. A customer-reported hardware
   problem that affected instance performance has been corrected.

-  OpenStack ready. Rackspace continuously integrates with OpenStack
   code, which means that you have nearly immediate access to product
   enhancements from the OpenStack community.

Resolved issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|no changes|

Known issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

|no changes|
