API |contract version| release - May 1, 2012 
----------------------------------------------

What's new
~~~~~~~~~~

- UUID identifiers. The API v2 uses Open Software Foundation (OSF) Universally Unique 
  IDentifiers (UUIDs) instead of integers for object IDs for images, servers, and so on. 
  The Rackspace Cloud Servers API v1.0 used integer IDs. For example, in the Rackspace 
  Cloud Servers API v1.0, an ID might be ``2``, while in the API v2, an ID might be 
  ``52415800-8b69-11e0-9b19-734f6f006e54``.

  For information about the OSF UUID standard, see 
  `Universally unique identifier <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uuid>`__.
  
-  AccessIP. Enables third-party clients to access the server directly through a server 
   access address.

-  Rackspace extensions.

   - Bandwidth stats extension - Shows bandwidth usage statistics for a given audit period.

   - Disk configuration extension - Enables control of how the disk is partitioned when a 
     server is created, rebuilt, or resized.

   - Rescue mode extension - Creates a new server with the file system for the specified 
     version of Cloud Servers mounted to fix file system and configuration errors.  

   - Used limits extension - Returns the amount of absolute limit capacity that is 
     currently used.

   - Volume attachment extension - In conjunction with Cloud Block Storage API operations, 
     you can attach a volume to a server instance, list volume attachments for a server 
     instance, get volume details for a volume attachment, and delete a volume attachment.

- Image metadata and metadata management.

- IPv6 support. When you create a server, an IPv4 address and an IPv6 address block are 
  assigned. The IPv4 address and IPv6 address block are used for the public interface 
  (Internet). The IPv4 address is also used for the private interface.

- Authentication. Authentication is through the Rackspace Cloud Identity Service, which 
  integrates with the Rackspace infrastructure and is a modification of the OpenStack 
  Keystone authentication specification.

- Rackspace Next Generation Cloud Servers API v2 based on the OpenStack Compute API v2, 
  which differs significantly from the Rackspace First Generation Cloud Servers API v1.0. 

- Rate limit defaults. The defaults for rate limits have changed. You can request Rackspace 
  to either raise or lower the limits as needed.

Resolved issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|no changes|

Known issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Cannot register Red Hat images. Red Hat Network (RHN) registration is required for Red Hat.

-  The following Cloud Servers v1 API operations are not yet available in the Cloud Servers 
   |contract version| API:

   - Shared IPs
   
   - Backup schedules
   
   - Resize server down operation is not supported for Windows Cloud Servers.
      
   - Adding an IP address to a cloud server
